Sailor: We sailed from Peru,
for China and Japan, by the South Sea.
Finding ourselves in the greatest
wilderness of waters in the world,
we gave ourselves for lost men
and prepared for death.
It seemed that we had before us
a picture of our salvation in Heaven;
we entered into a good haven,
being the port of a fair city.
Governor: I am by ofﬁce governor of this House.
Some things I may tell you, which I think
you will not be unwilling to hear.
We of this island know well most of the
habitable world, and are ourselves unknown.
We have twelve fellows that sail into foreign countries,
under the names of other nations, (for our own we conceal);
who bring us the books and experiments of all other parts.
These we call Merchants of Light.
There is word come that one these fellows
will be here this day seven-night:
we have seen none of them this dozen years…
We have engine-houses, where are prepared engines
and instruments for all sorts of motions.
We also have some degrees of ﬂying in the air.
We have large orchards and gardens;
in these we make plants rise without seeds.
Likewise we make beasts differ in many ways.
We have perspective-houses, where we make
demonstrations of all lights and radiations;
and also have shops of medicines; in so much
greater variety than you have in Europe.
Lastly, we have consultations, which
of the inventions shall be published,
and which not: and take all an oath of secrecy,
these are the riches of Salomon’s House.
I give thee leave to publish it for
the good of all other nations;
for we here are in a land unknown.